docs: promote stdlib usage and add migration guide (#46)
Rogdham/pyzstd: docs/index.md

```{toctree}
:hidden:
:maxdepth: 2

Home <self>
Migration to stdlib <stdlib.md>
Module reference <pyzstd>
Deprecations <deprecated.md>
```

# pyzstd

The `pyzstd` library was created by Ma Lin in 2020 to provide Python support for [Zstandard](http://www.zstd.net), using an API style similar to the `bz2`, `lzma`, and `zlib` modules.

> In 2025, an effort led by [Emma Smith](https://github.com/emmatyping) (now a CPython core developer) resulted in [PEP 784][] and the inclusion of the [`compression.zstd` module][compression.zstd] in Python 3.14 standard library. The implementation was adapted from `pyzstd`, with its maintainer [Rogdham](https://github.com/rogdham) contributing directly to the effort. Rogdham also developed the [`backports.zstd` library][backports.zstd] to support older Python versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 2025, an effort led by [Emma Smith](https://github.com/emmatyping) (now a CPython core developer) resulted in [PEP 784][https://peps.python.org/pep-0784/] and the inclusion of the [`compression.zstd` module][compression.zstd] in the Python 3.14 standard library. The implementation was adapted from `pyzstd`, with its maintainer [Rogdham](https://github.com/rogdham) contributing directly to the effort. Rogdham also developed the [`backports.zstd` library][backports.zstd] which backports the `compression.zstd` APIs to older Python versions.
```
